Post-Exploitation Enumeration
With access to the admin user,
we’ll begin enumeration in
search of the domain tokens
of any logged in users.
We don’t expect to find much
since we just restarted Windows,
but it’s a good idea to check anyway.
To list the tokens, we will use
meterpreter’s incognito extension,
and list the tokens by the username.
Unfortunately, this does not provide us
with any access that we don’t already have
We’ll look around a bit more.
Thunderbird is installed, but is
not set up for the admin user.
Still, we’ll check Alex’s mailbox by
navigating to their mail directory.
These emails mention an
outdated version of Windows.
Since we didn’t find any other interesting
information, we will move on to scanning
the entirety of the internal network to
see if we can find anything new.